CLOUDP-148833: Support multiple atlas-operator versions (#1598)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-kubernetes-config-generate.txt

   # Export Project, DatabaseUsers, and Deployment resources for a specific project including connection and integration secrets to a specific namespace:
   atlas kubernetes config generate --projectId=<projectId> --clusterName=<cluster-name-1, cluster-name-2> --includeSecrets --targetNamespace=<namespace>

   
.. code-block::

>    # Export resources for a specific version of the operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Export resources for a specific version of Atlas Kubernetes Operator:
```
